Who is he?
Why did you bring a stranger into your house?
He's not a stranger.
I was said to have raped my old hand, Chen Leifeng
It was you
Yeah, it's me.
How did you two get together?
Ouyang Feiloni, don't get me wrong.
I brought him here just to clear my name
There are some things you may not know
This woman has always been Fang Shiqiang's lover
Or the temporary manager of the Fangshi Charity Fund
What!
Is that true?
You may never know
This dog man and woman are in cahoots
Keep hurting me
Let our Ouyang family suffer humiliation
This time Ouyang Family World
I also found a shadow under the square
But find out
You must avenge your parents
You are talking nonsense
You were the one who raped me
And now you're threatening me?
Please let me go
I've been miserable since I was a child
Just a wage earner
I am no match for your wealthy family
Please let me live